Workday Integration Consultant



Name         : Sri Krishna S		



PROFESSIONAL SUMMERY:



Working as a Software Consultant with 4+ years of Professional IT experience, with 4 years as Workday Consultant and good experience on Report Writing, Integrations and Functional Understanding of HCM. And I have great commitment to implement client’s Workday Strategy.



Knowledge of the software development life cycle from design through scoping, requirements gathering, analysis, development, testing, user acceptance, deployment, maintenance/support, and change management. 

Experience in developing technical architectures and producing end- to- end technical specification and design artifacts

Lead efforts in new integration/interface development including documenting requirements, integration design, build, testing and deployment.

Good working knowledge on Inbound and Outbound EIB integration concepts and created various EIB integrations.

Building Core Connector integrations for extracting worker, position, status, leave and absence delta changes.

Designed and built all types of integrations using Document Transformation, EIB, PECI, PICOF, Cloud Connectors and Custom Report Writer. 

Good experience with Workday Studio to build complex integrations

Excellent experience in Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using SOAP, WSDL and Web Services. 

Experience with XML, XPATH and XSLT, and Expert in designing/development of Interfaces with legacy and third party systems. 

Hands-on experience In Migrating the XSLT Code, Reports from Lower tenet to Sandbox and Production using Object Transporter.

Experienced in developing Custom Reports, Advanced Reports using Report writer.

Strong experience using technologies involving Workday applications, reporting and analytics. 

Strong Knowledge on Involved in CR-Change Request as for business requirement and Building and moving changes to production.

Worked closely with business and development teams, designed and documented 
enhancements as well as conducted production support troubleshooting around integrations for Global Workday HCM system.

Experience with administration of Kronos, scheduling module including database and table maintenance, application maintenance and upgrades, licenses, and platform maintenance.

Coordinating with functional team and providing technical solutions for the incoming requirements.

Worked closely with SME’s to understand the business requirements.

Excellent working experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and testing methodologies like Agile/Scrum.

Excellent interpersonal, presentation and communication skills with the ability to work in a team and a stand-alone environment. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:           

IDE

Workday Studio, Oxygen, Eclipse.

Software/ Products

Workday, Core Java.

Languages

XML, XSLT, MVEL Web Services SOAP & REST.

HCM Modules

Core HR, Benefits, Compensation, Time Tracking, Absence Management, Studio, Core Connectors, Calculated Fields, Change deduction, Report Writing, Integration,  EIB  Inbound/Outbound, Sup Orgs, Business Objects.





Aptiv, Banglore, India								           (Mar 2019 to Till date)

Workday Integration Consultant

Parent Company: Digee IT Networks



Worked extensively on payroll Interfaces for several vendors and have designed and developed integrations in both Workday Studio and EIB.  

Worked in inbound EIB's, managing business processes, working with EIB, report writer, creating Workday Calculated fields and custom reports.   

Developed several custom reports using Workday Report Writer and Modified Workday Standard reports according to client requirements.

Modified the Business Processes according to the Business Requirement.  

Worked data from legacy system performed a date transform to Workday compatible iLoad format.   

Lead and Supported Workday HCM System Testing, End-to-End testing, and UAT.  

Worked on setting up of PICOF connector and configured attributes and maps and merging integration outputs. And worked on Payroll change detection.

Used sequence generators, generating templates and validating inbound integration system results.

Day to day support for Workday HCM, Integrations and Reporting issues.

Involved in sending data to IAM teams to give access to new hires and remove access from closing accounts for workers on downstream services.

Involved in developing of Benefit integrations like Vanguard and medical plans using Cloud connector.

Lead and Supported Workday HCM System Testing, End-to-End testing, and UAT.  

Configured Hire Business process following Position management staffing model according to business needs.



Environment: Workday 32, Workday Studio, Payroll Connectors, CCB, CCW, EIB, XML, Web Services, XSLT 2.0, Report Writer, Oxygen, Calculated fields, DT, MS Word, Replicon.



Delphi Technologies, Banglore, India					                      (May 2017 to Feb 2019)

Workday Consultant



Responsibilities: 

Design and build integrations and worked closely with testing and production teams to solve issue with integrations.

Created Custom reports like Simple, Advanced Reports as per the client requirements and shared with the security groups.

Created Reports against the Worker business object and worked on Headcount, Turnover and Compensation Reports.

Worked on Calculated Fields to create Report level and Global cal Fields.

Worked on Workday delivered Configurable Integrations like vendor specific connectors. Worked on Core connectors by using Generic templates.

Good experience with Core Connector worker to work on employee demographics and build Benefit integrations and Account provisioning integrations.

Involved in sending data to IAM teams to give access to new hires and remove access from closing accounts for workers on downstream services.

Involved in developing of Benefit integrations on  medical plans using Cloud connector.

Created complex Inbound/Outbound integrations using workday studio, core/cloud connectors, using EIB’s, document transformation process.

Created External payroll organization and assigned roles and created pay groups for third-party payroll.

Worked on setting up of PECI connector and configured attributes and maps and merging integration outputs. And worked on Payroll change detection.

Designed regression testing scenarios for the integrations during upgrades.

Leveraged robust workday web service API framework to load data inputs into workday via EIB Inbound Integration development.

Worked on Agile methodology as a Software development life cycle for collaborating with the Cross-functional teams and end user. 

Involved in unit test on Integrations, UAT support and end user training.



Technical Environment: Workday 27/28/29/30, Workday studio, workday EIB, Core concepts, Document transformation, Calculated fields, Workday report writer, XML, XSLT.



Education details:

Bachelors in Electronics & Communication Engineering from JNTU-Kakinada, India in 2017.